Segment 1
=====

Background
-----

In year 2092, the Earth population exploded, reaching 14 billion. The government created a program to reduce the population of Earth by
sending their family into space into random direction hoping of landing into a planet and creating new colony. This successfully reduce the
population of Earth by 80%, or around 2 billion.

People are sent in family basis, so all of individual is sent through random planet with all of their family and usually there's around 50-75
family for each launch vehicle. The vehicle is launched from Earth with speed of 92% speed of light (where speed of light is 299792458 m/s) into
random direction. The vehicle is only meant to be single shot and has everything the colony need to build and sustain a new colony. Despite they
are sent into random direction, due to many factors they may land in same planet as the other colonies. Peoples inside the vehicle are hibernated
and only woken up once it lands on a planet. Some of these colonies even going beyond Milky Way galaxy.

The whole process took thousand years, which then interstellar travel becomes very common because the technology to send signal and travel faster
than speed of light has been found. While some colonies have decided to sent their report into Earth, some colonies decided to threaten the other
colonies, which introduces a new type of war: Interstellar War.

Synopsis
-----

A thousand years later, to be exact, year 4682, a former Interstellar Army, AuahDark decide to took break and live happily with his wife Natasya
in his own space station situated in Vianir star system with no habitable planets around and mostly gas giants with his own space ship to travel
around different star system. Until one day his space station got attacked by unknown people. Natasya saves AuahDark by directly protecting
him and teleporting him directly to his ship and remotely control it, where AuahDark can't do anything other than watching his space station destroyed,
killing his wife. The space station exploded and the shockwave is hard enough to knock him out inside, and along with his ship.

Few hours later, with his ship was flying blind, he finally wakes up to found himself almost hitting the ground straight. His ship is badly damaged
so he only abl to glide for a brief moment before crashing into a surface of a habitable planet in unmapped star system.

TODO: next
